wayland: Replace fallback CSD with proper one (#2263)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

  sent a cancel or frame event.
- On iOS, send `RedrawEventsCleared` even if there are no redraw events, consistent with other platforms.
- **Breaking:** Replaced `Window::with_app_id` and `Window::with_class` with `Window::with_name` on `WindowBuilderExtUnix`.

> - On Wayland, fallback CSD was replaced with proper one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Wayland, fallback CSD was replaced with proper one:
```

> - On Wayland, fallback CSD was replaced with proper one;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On Wayland, fallback CSD was replaced with proper one:
```

Author: My bad, fixed

>   - `WindowBuilderExtUnix::with_wayland_csd_theme` used to set color theme in builder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `WindowBuilderExtUnix::with_wayland_csd_theme` to set color theme when creating a window.
```

>   - `WindowExtUnix::wayland_set_csd_theme` used to change color theme on the fly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `WindowExtUnix::wayland_set_csd_theme` to change color theme on the fly.
```

  - `WINIT_WAYLAND_CSD_THEME` env variable was added, it can be used to set "dark"/"light" theme in apps that don't expose theme setting.
  - `wayland-csd-adwaita` feature that enables proper CSD.

>   - `wayland-csd-title` feature that enables title rendering, uses FreeType system library.

Reviewer: Still need to change those, see comment in `Cargo.toml`.

  sent a cancel or frame event.
- On iOS, send `RedrawEventsCleared` even if there are no redraw events, consistent with other platforms.
- **Breaking:** Replaced `Window::with_app_id` and `Window::with_class` with `Window::with_name` on `WindowBuilderExtUnix`.
- On Wayland, fallback CSD was replaced with proper one.
- On Wayland and X11, fix window not resizing with `Window::set_inner_size` after calling `Window:set_resizable(false)`.

> - On Windows, fix wrong fullscreen monitors being recognized when handling WM_WINDOWPOSCHANGING messages

Reviewer: Should add a note wrt `with_wayland_csd_theme` and a `wayland-csd-adwaita` feature.

Author: Done
